README.md, before:

# React SSR Basic Wiring
 very basic implementation of Server Side Rendering with Create React App with Express.
 Followed some youtube videos and used main code from the repo below and simplified it for Express.
 
 However, most tutorials do not show how to load static assets and images in ssr.
 
 ToDo:
 - Investigate how to get api call result included in the initial SSR page load, not after the page is loaded in the browser. 
 
 Update:
 29 March, 2020 - I figured out how to load CRA's static assets and images in ssr.  Now these assets load in ssr.
 
  - added sass and reactstrap to check if they all work with SSR.
   In my old create react app, I keep having the following error, and cannot find a solution but there is no issue with this latest create react app.
```/Users/nobuyukifujioka/Documents/noby-coding/progress-maker-ui/node_modules/reactstrap/es/Button.js:1
  import _extends from "@babel/runtime/helpers/esm/extends";
  ^^^^^^
  
  SyntaxError: Cannot use import statement outside a module
```
 - Also, there is no issue with class component.
 - added Quill editor to check a solution to 'document not found' issue with SSR.
 ```
 var elem = document.createElement('div');
               ^
 ReferenceError: document is not defined
```
 
 

references:
```
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/demystifying-reacts-server-side-render-de335d408fe4/
https://reactjs.org/docs/react-dom-server.html
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NwyQONeqRXA
https://github.com/EddiG/ssr-cra-graphql
https://github.com/zenoamaro/react-quill/issues/122
```

Commit message:

- update readme  - adds initial state loading to ssr as an example.

README.md, after:

# React SSR Basic Wiring
 very basic implementation of Server Side Rendering with Create React App with Express.
 Followed some youtube videos and used main code from the repo below and simplified it for Express.
 
 However, most tutorials do not show how to load static assets and images in ssr.
 
#### Passing Data in initial SSR
- Pass initial data as prop to the App component shared between ui and server.
- can pass data in window object for ui but it will not be rendered in server side because window object does not exist in server. 

#### Accessing static assets and images in SSR
- need to access them using absolute path.
  1. to assets in Html.js file
  2. To publicPath in webpack.config.server.js file.
 
#### Typical Errors with SSR
```/Users/nobuyukifujioka/Documents/noby-coding/progress-maker-ui/node_modules/reactstrap/es/Button.js:1
  import _extends from "@babel/runtime/helpers/esm/extends";
  ^^^^^^
  
  SyntaxError: Cannot use import statement outside a module
```
 - Seen issue with class component where 'state =' instead of 'this.state' in constructor.
 
 - 'document not found': 'document not found' as document or window object does not exist in node.  Add conditional to avoid this error.
 
 ```
 var elem = document.createElement('div');
               ^
 ReferenceError: document is not defined
```
 


references:
```
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/demystifying-reacts-server-side-render-de335d408fe4/
https://reactjs.org/docs/react-dom-server.html
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NwyQONeqRXA
https://github.com/EddiG/ssr-cra-graphql
https://github.com/zenoamaro/react-quill/issues/122
https://medium.com/@madhurgarg/server-side-rendering-in-react-with-css-sass-no-css-in-js-da7b2b7009ff
```
